docs: improve cloud docs (#45467)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

  - [Adding repositories from all of your code hosts to Sourcegraph](../admin/external_service/index.md)
  - [Integrating your single sign-on provider with Sourcegraph](../admin/auth/index.md)
  - [Configuring Sourcegraph](../admin/config/index.md)
  
### Access to all Sourcegraph features

> All Sourcegraph features are avilable on day-one, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Sourcegraph features are avilable on Sourcegraph Cloud instances out-of-the-box, such as:
```

- [Server-side Batch Changes](../batch_changes/explanations/server_side.md)

> - [Precise code navigation powered by auto-indexing](../code_navigation/explanations/auto_indexing.md)

Author: there was confusion around whether executors are configure on cloud by default or not

https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03JR7S7KRP/p1670520292251349

### Limitation

> NOTE: We may be able to [support special requests](#accommodating-special-requirements), please reach out to your account team.

- The Sourcegraph instance can only be accessible via a public IP. Running it in a private network and pairing it with your private network via site-to-site VPN or VPC Peering is not yet supported.
- Code hosts or user authentication providers running in a private network are not yet supported. They have to be publically available or they must allow incoming traffic from Sourcegraph-owned static IP addresses. We do not have proper support for other connectivity methods, e.g. site-to-site VPN, VPC peering, tunneling.
- Instances currently run only on Google Cloud Platform in the `us-central1` region. Other regions and cloud providers (such as AWS or Azure) are not yet supported.

## Security

Your managed instance will be accessible over HTTPS/TLS, provide storage volumes that are encrypted at rest, and have access restricted to only your team through your enterprise VPN and/or internal [SSO (single sign-on provider)](../admin/auth/index.md) of choice.

> For all managed instances, we will provide security capabilities from Cloudflare such as WAF and rate-limiting to protect your instance from malicious traffic.

Author: both public and private instances are now protected by CF

- Instances currently run only on Google Cloud Platform in the `us-central1` region. Other regions and cloud providers (such as AWS or Azure) are not yet supported.

## Security

Your managed instance will be accessible over HTTPS/TLS, provide storage volumes that are encrypted at rest, and have access restricted to only your team through your enterprise VPN and/or internal [SSO (single sign-on provider)](../admin/auth/index.md) of choice.

For all managed instances, we will provide security capabilities from Cloudflare such as WAF and rate-limiting to protect your instance from malicious traffic.

Your instance will be hosted in isolated Google Cloud infrastructure. See our [employee handbook](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/cloud/technical-docs/) to learn more about the cloud architecture we use. Both your team and limited Sourcegraph personnel will have application-level administrator access to the instance.

> Only essential Sourcegraph personnel will have access to the instance, server, code, and any other sensitive materials, such as tokens or keys. The employees or contractors with access are bound by the same terms as Sourcegraph itself. Learn more in our [security policies for Sourcegraph Cloud](https://about.sourcegraph.com/security) or [contact us](https://about.sourcegraph.com/contact/sales) with any questions or concerns. You may also request a copy of our SOC 2 Report, please visit our [Security Trust Portal](https://security.sourcegraph.com).

Author: I think it's nice to mention we have a SOC2 report on the customer facing site

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only essential Sourcegraph personnel will have access to the instance, server, code, and any other sensitive materials, such as tokens or keys. The employees or contractors with access are bound by the same terms as Sourcegraph itself. Learn more in our [security policies for Sourcegraph Cloud](https://about.sourcegraph.com/security) or [contact us](https://about.sourcegraph.com/contact/sales) with any questions or concerns. You may also request a copy of our SOC 2 Report on our [security portal](https://security.sourcegraph.com).
```
